//This file is to be used for documentation for our Entrepreneur Project, "NUTRIDRONE"


Item 2: Cultural Policy
A. Core Values
   How do you want to be thought off?
      As a company that values teamwork, we want to be thought of as an organization that values 
      collaboration and cooperation among our employees. 
      We want to be known for our ability to work together effectively 
      to achieve common goals and for fostering a positive 
      and supportive work environment.
  What are the details of the core values of the company? [Core Value: Team work]
     To support this core value, we have policies and practices in place to facilitate collaboration 
     such as regular team meetings, team building activities, and recognition for team achievements. 
     We also promote open communication and the sharing of ideas and resources among our employees.

B. Motivation
   What do you love?
      At NutriDrone company, we are driven by passion for innovation and making positive impact. 
      We love to engage and create solutions that can help and possibly solve real world problems.
      Our team is dedicated in delivering high-quiality products and services that meet the needs
      and expectation of our customers using cutting-edge technology and a customer-centric approach.
      We believe that by providing fast, efficient, and contactless delivery services, we can improve
      people's lives and contribute to a healthier and more sustainable future.
   What do you fear?
      We are aware of the challenges and risks that comes with running a business like NutriDrone. 
      Which is why we fear not living up to our customers' expectation and failing to deliver high quality
      service that we strive for. We also want to avoid stagnancy and complacency, which is why to counter 
      this we are driven to continously adapt and evolve to stay relevant and meet our customers' needs.
    
C. Summary
      1. Teamwork
      2. Open Communication
      3. Innovation
      4. Sustainability
      5. Community Impact through collaboration with non-profit organizations
      6. Customer Focus
